Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm good, how are you
Ryan DeVito: Sir,
Ryan DeVito: I'm in the office right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This won't take but about 1520 minutes It'll be will breeze right through it. Okay.
Okay.
Ryan DeVito: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, my work. Okay, you're able to talk freely where you're at.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, my server.
Ryan DeVito: Is my connection. Good. Can you mean anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can hear you. Okay. If it sounds good.
Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If it starts going a little haywire. I'll let you know. Okay.
Ryan DeVito: Okay. Yeah, because the video, the video, you're just frozen. So I just want to make sure
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I say that
Ryan DeVito: I can't, I can't see anything on the video you're you've been in the same spot for the past minute
Ryan DeVito: Now, since you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, okay that starts to get a little weird. I'll let you know as long as I can hear you. What you're saying, then we're good to go. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. So what brings you to bright heart.
Ryan DeVito: So I was getting my role and I've been playing around and someone, one of the dark years. I guess I was just calling to you know get like a list of doctors for my insurance. And so just called you got one of you guys.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you're a writer, specifically for ADHD for Admiral
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Correct. Okay. Um, any, any history with substance abuse.
Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any history with mental health.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past suicide attempts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thoughts or behaviors.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nope, homicide thoughts or behaviors.
Ryan DeVito: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past self harm.
Ryan DeVito: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any pain.
Ryan DeVito: No, no, no. Okay.
And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you tell me a little bit about your family history and the house that you grew up in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where your parents together your whole life today divorce at early age where you're adopted. How many siblings do you have that kind of stuff.
Ryan DeVito: Okay, um, you know, my parents just divorce, actually, about a year ago. So pretty much my whole life. They were together under the one same house.
Ryan DeVito: I have one sibling a younger brother, he's in military now we just got married with his wife. They live in North Carolina on base.
Ryan DeVito: So I want to school. Yeah, everything. I mean, the dad was no baseball coach or played multiple sports growing up was in leadership in high school.
Ryan DeVito: Ended up getting a scholarship to go to Sac State where I accepted it and ran track and cross country or I just ran track and then do cross country they I can run too long. I was more of a mid distance runner.
Ryan DeVito: So, you know, I didn't. I kept it under about two laps to last maybe three, maybe four laps. If I had to do the 1500 in college, they did the 15 other than in high school year on the 16 full mile
Ryan DeVito: So, you know, that was probably my best. You know what I did was just very athletic, you know, in sports and stuff. My dad side of the family is very athletic my grandpa, my grandpa was a football coach over at DDC in and St. Mary's and had the football program.
Ryan DeVito: He was a professor at San Francisco State University, Todd.
Ryan DeVito: Their stuff and then. So my dad would play football and so I pretty much just played, you know, sports and everything football. The football role isn't the biggest guy. I was just the quickest guy.
Ryan DeVito: Well yeah, I mean granted my mom's side of the family.
Ryan DeVito: You know my grandpa was in the Navy. My mom. My mom just kind of worked. She's a
Ryan DeVito: Dental Hygiene Jed dental hygienist for children or teens, you're either patriotic
Ryan DeVito: And so she you know she mostly would work only my dad was more the bread when I worked for Chevron still works for Chevron and you know he worked. Most of the time he was the bread.
Ryan DeVito: Bread broker. So my mom was able to work only three days a week, really. So you know I gotta you know genius. Take us off, take us to war or take a school
Ryan DeVito: And know we grew up in a neighborhood with a bunch of kids so parents are like carpool. You know, when we Johnson's would take us are
Ryan DeVito: Going to see those will take us through the door to us and take us. And then, you know, my mom is so it was kind of like, you know, bunch of not just pretty much a typical Child Life grow up life. I guess I can say
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that was I was going to go into your experience in school if he graduated. Did you have a hard time. Did you have a learning disability that comes up.
Ryan DeVito: Yeah. So through throughout
Ryan DeVito: High school I was in, you know, special class where they are split, you know,
Ryan DeVito: Where they would have, like, it was like a kind of like when other kids had electives. When do you like word shop or
Ryan DeVito: You know dance or something. I would go to this class and you know we focus on doing her homework is like mostly just a homework, you have to do more homework because I know that you know you need
Ryan DeVito: More time or more help one on one. It was a small smaller class, you know, usually the class was, you know,
Ryan DeVito: Maybe five to seven people in a class, rather than, you know, regular classroom of 30 something 35
Ryan DeVito: And then I did English I did an English like a resource English all all through my life I had to like in middle school, I had to go to a speech therapy and do like this. My grandma got me. I remember a hook on hooks on phonics
Ryan DeVito: Yes I did, and helped me be decks of the
Ryan DeVito: So yeah, I was, you know, I've been resourcing school was always kind of harder for me, rather than my little brother, he kind of was more of a
Ryan DeVito: You know, he just got stuff, stuff came, namely easier and stuff. And then I graduated from high school graduated from college came along and then that's when
Ryan DeVito: Actually, my first year in college is when I was having a little harder time with stuff because you know they in college, you know, you don't have that resource class, we get to do is
Ryan DeVito: Get the like have extra little perks like a time and a half. So, you know, for regular classes, an hour and 15 minutes
Ryan DeVito: You have, you know, that extra time. So, you have another whole hour and 15 minutes in a room, you go to a private like a private room, other than having the lecture hall. I had note takers in some of my class I was really bad with the English. English is probably one of my week or subjects.
Ryan DeVito: So yeah, I always had that, you know, and then. So back in freshman year I was telling my mom, I had a hard time with
Ryan DeVito: You know school and all that, you know, all this stuff dealing with it. And so she
Ryan DeVito: Said, these are like I tried one of my buddies at an Adderall. And I tried it and I ended up getting an A on my test I told my mom about it, my moms like oh yeah you were frustrated that long time ago.
Ryan DeVito: Took you off, we, you know, we thought you needed or anything. So I ended up going to get the test and doing all the psychological tests at the state of union or this university state of Sacramento. It's like an eight hour test to break up in like three
Ryan DeVito: Little periods two to two and a mess when I was Adderall. So from oh nine was when I was Dr Adderall and
Ryan DeVito: Pretty much from focusing and managing my time and staying focus in class, rather than being distracted.
Ryan DeVito: Yes person colleges, you know, lecture halls, or sometimes three to 400 people and it's a little more definitely a lot more stuff going on and stuff so I thought it was good. You know, that's what helped me get through college and graduate, they're
Ryan DeVito: Very much. Yeah.
Ryan DeVito: About it, the school.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um, any, do you have a legal history.
Ryan DeVito: What do you mean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past legal charges.
Ryan DeVito: Related to you back.
Ryan DeVito: Do you, I probably
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 2014 okay any issues with alcohol. Now recently.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and so you were diagnosed with a DD or ADHD.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're breaking up. I can't really hear you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you hear me.
Ryan DeVito: Can you hear me. Can you hear me.
I can't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hey there.
Ryan DeVito: You want me. Yeah, I can hear you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I totally missed everything you just said.
Ryan DeVito: Okay, yeah, I don't know.
Ryan DeVito: Between one another.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Attention Deficit Disorder or attention hyper attention hyperactivity deficit disorder, I think, ADHD, attention deficit hyperactivity.
Disorder.
Ryan DeVito: I think I never knew. I never asked
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's the only diagnosis that you've had.
Ryan DeVito: Yes.
Ryan DeVito: Okay.
And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's see who what doctor are you working with
Ryan DeVito: Mary
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mary Okay yeah, she's I work with Mary a lot
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Ryan DeVito: I go, I went to the group.
Ryan DeVito: Until I did a couple weeks and and she told me that I only have to come once once a month.
Ryan DeVito: Haha, so I don't. My next ones. I think she comes back. She's got she's taking off for vacation or something. And she said, the next one. She'll be
Ryan DeVito: The one I'm going to march night.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Okay, perfect. Yeah, she's leaving for a little bit, um, any childhood trauma or past trauma.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know any childhood abuse.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Trying to think whether or not I'm getting all the questions.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That see any substance abuse or mental health and your family.
No.
Ryan DeVito: No all and going like being with English like my mom side is just like skipping bad skin. They're all Irish so they'd like in my mom likes tanning a lot. So rather than anything dangerous but
Ryan DeVito: You know, my, my grandparents on my mom's side or both dead and my grandparents. On my dad's side of a lot
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And who do you currently currently live with.
Ryan DeVito: Either with my roommate.
Ryan DeVito: This place in San Lorenzo right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and any kids.
Ryan DeVito: No, no kids, I was going to get married, actually, a year ago and mean girl called it off. And that's why I moved into his place, and she had she took over the the lease and stuff. So I had to move out with I moved in his but I
Ryan DeVito: Haven't I like it, meaning went to college together. So we have already lived together before in the past. So it's not like nothing new. We both kind of like I'm I like
Ryan DeVito: Having, you know, we're both on the same routine going to bed early waking up early and you know that roommate that's downstairs playing the drums until midnight.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is good. Yeah. What are there anything that you can think of that, while you're working with bright heart that you want to work on personally
Ryan DeVito: I mean, I mean, I'm pretty happy. I mean, I keep a good routine. I love my job, my office.
Ryan DeVito: A little might not have coming in here. It's not like I don't look at it like a job, you know, hang out with my friends to make money.
Ryan DeVito: And then, you know, I go to the gym every day after work, and then I go home and you know I my do my job. Besides that, you know,
Ryan DeVito: A lot of the mind to Job is calling getting in early is a lot of some of my deals are on the New York. In New York, so there are three hours in front of us. So
Ryan DeVito: That's why I wake up early to get, you know, get a good head start on them. And then, you know, so my my deals are in California. So that's why I stayed until you know almost four o'clock in the office because they're still here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you do, can I ask
Ryan DeVito: Yeah, look for double A capital. It's a finance company we finance like small businesses were B2B vendor. So we do any kind of equipment, our cash loans for small businesses.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, nice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice. How long have you worked there.
Ryan DeVito: For about a year and a half now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Perfect. Is there anything that you think is important for us to know about you that I didn't ask
Ryan DeVito: No, that's all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And are you interested in any kind of individual therapy.
Ryan DeVito: Not really. I mean, I'm pretty happy. I mean, I'm not. I don't look like the very sad. I kind of always, kind of, you know, look happy and always be happy because
Ryan DeVito: You have a happy mindset and happy you know everything. If you look at if you look sad. You know, yet to process we're kind of trickles down and you know I'm just, I've never had that problem. Always try to turn something that's bad and good
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so for your treatment planning it, it sounds to me like you'll be going to a group with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Was at the seven o'clock group that you went to
Ryan DeVito: Yeah, I go to the seven o'clock group because I usually will go to the gym after work after for, you know, and then drive home. So seven o'clock works for me.
Ryan DeVito: She tried to get me into the earlier one. She said that ones will be a little better with me because with the group setting, but I would just messed up with my gym routine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it sounds like for your treatment plan and you're going to meet with Mary come to Monday night 7pm groups.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Medical check in and to medication check in.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With marriage and make sure that your meds are doing good for you. Any other medications that you're on.
Ryan DeVito: No, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any physical issues.
Ryan DeVito: No strong workout every day. I feel like I'm the strongest I've been you know i before I was running track and doing the soccer and stuff. So it was more running not building muscle, I guess. Now I'm more not running and hitting the weights and getting more bigger upper body lower body.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and no past or current issues with any substances.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That was pretty painless. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: bio cycle. Yeah. Oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Ryan DeVito: It was easy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, so I am in you in the seven o'clock group I'm in there with Mary
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I
Ryan DeVito: Saw you a few times.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is just a component that we need to make sure that is in your chart, you know, getting a physical or a history of any any issues kind of getting a history of your family and stuff and where you come from, and identifying any other issues that you may
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Need to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Need to work through. So that's what it's what it's all about. Everybody has to go through a bio psychosocial so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I'm it. We're done pretty painless.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if it turns out that there's anything that you think that you want to work on on an individual basis, just let me know when you see me in group and we can schedule a couple meetings outside of group and and I can help you process through that kind of stuff. OK.
OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK, so I will see you in group in March, Ryan.
Ryan DeVito: March, March night, I believe that the next
Ryan DeVito: Action is going to be. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll be there to
Ryan DeVito: Let me double check make sure got it like
Ryan DeVito: Yeah, I got it in my calendar ready
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, perfect. Okay, well I'm gonna let you go and get back to work. And thank you so much for showing up and being on time. I appreciate it and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will, I will see you in a couple weeks.
Ryan DeVito: Okay, thank you. Have a happy Valentine's tomorrow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, you too, Ryan. Thank you.
Ryan DeVito: Thank you, Miss invite